well I'm really pleased to be here I got
the Foundation which is a fundraising
arm of shepherds and this is our
flagship event yourself it's a good hope
it becomes a foodie event of the year
thanks to the community around sharing
all the chefs getting their food time
staff and sharing their culinary
experience with everybody that comes out
there's a lot of great local restaurants
here that's a lot of stuff to try out
it's a great business event for
networking for local businesses there's
always that and as a what makes an extra
special is that it all this this whole
event actually supports a great cause
the Shepherd's of the home Shepherd's of
Good Hope is one of the largest shelters
in the community often people who come
to us are unable to access services
elsewhere so that's why it's so
important that we reach out to the
community both to support us in need to
be able to do our work but really to
support the men and women who who
require the services that we provide and
the great thing about the outcome of the
event is that we'll have a fair amount
of funding to be able to provide all of
the innovative programs and services
that we give to adult men and women
across the city of our